---
layout:     post
title:      MIMIC IV
subtitle:   MIMIC 数据集
date:       2020-03-01
author:     LZY
header-img: img/xiaohuangren.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - MIMIC
    - KDD
---

# MIMIC 数据集

[Website](https://mimic-iv.mit.edu/)

[Github](https://github.com/mit-lcp/mimic-code/)

## Patient identifiers

> 患者识别码

- subject_id 病人主体 *PATIENTS*

- hadm_id 住院记录 *ADMISSIONS*

- stay_id 对连续的治疗事件分组 *TRANSFERS*

- transfer_id 病房记录 *TRANSFERS*

---

## Time types

### 时间类型

- TIME 如果是00:00:00，说明没有具体的时间，只有日期

- DATE

### Time Columns

- CHARTTIME 将时间分块为整点，如果是04:23的记录，则记为04:00.实际操作的具体时间

- STORETIME 医护人员验证操作的时间，数据被记录在数据库的时间

- CHARTDATE 不含时间

- ADMITTIME 入院时间

- DISCHTIME 出院时间

- DEATHTIME 在医院的死亡时间

- CREATETIME ICU申请时间

- UPDATETIME ICU申请的更新时间

- ACKNOWLEDGETIME 申请同意时间

- OUTCOMETIME 申请完成时间, ‘Discharged’ or ‘Canceled’

- FIRSTRESERVATIONTIME, CURRENTRESERVATIONTIME only occur for patients who require certain locations in the hospital

- INTIME OUTTIME 病人进入和离开ICU或者病房ward的时间

- STARTTIME ENDTIME 输液的起止时间

---

## 数据表

### Core Tables

### Hosp Tables

Hospital acquired data

```
    ADMISSIONS
    CALLOUT
    CPTEVENTS
    DIAGNOSES_ICD
    DRGCODES
    ICUSTAYS
    LABEVENTS
    MICROBIOLOGYEVENTS
    PATIENTS
    PRESCRIPTIONS
    PROCEDURES_ICD
    SERVICES
    TRANSFERS
```

#### LABEVENTS

- Reference ranges are now available.

- A specimen identifier (spec_id) allows users to group all measurements made for a single specimen (e.g. all blood gas measurements from the same sample of blood).
    
- A priority column indicates the priority level of the laboratory measure.

#### MICROBIOLOGYEVENTS

Now contains the name of the test performed.

#### EMAR and EMAR_DETAIL

Two entirely new tables are made available, sourced from the relatively newly installed electronic Medicine Administration Record (eMAR) system. Bedside staff will scan barcodes for each individual formulary unit of a medication when administering it. This allows for a granular, high resolution record of when a medication was given.


### ICU Tables

ICU acquired data

```
    CHARTEVENTS
    DATETIMEEVENTS
    INPUTEVENTS
    OUTPUTEVENTS
    PROCEDUREEVENTS
```

#### INPUTEVENTS

Ingredients are now stored in the data. Importantly, “water” is an ingredient in most inputs, and tabulating the amount of water a patient receives allows accurate estimation of the patient’s fluid intake.

### ED Tables (emergency department)

> Completely new to MIMIC is the inclusion of data from the emergency department (MIMIC-ED). This data covers over 200,000 patients and provides crucial information about the initial period of their hospital stay. The ED section describes the tables in MIMIC-ED. Approximately 65% of patients admitted to an ICU at the BIDMC are first seen in the emergency department.




### CXR Tables (Chest x-ray data)

> Imaging data is also an entirely new addition to MIMIC. The MIMIC-CXR database is publicly available. Notably, the subject_id identifier used in the MIMIC-CXR database is consistent with the subject_id used in MIMIC-IV. Therefore, all chest x-rays in MIMIC-CXR are linkable to patient stays in MIMIC-IV.
